1)Banks have specific reserved powers. Unsure total list; some are: can create ledger entries called accounts that can hook directly to transfer lines; can address and send across those transfer lines. That's about it.
2)Those 2 powers are jealously guarded by Feds and Staties, at least if you want to do it electronically.
3)Some entrepreneurs get the idea that they could build a business by solving some problem in the following areas: Movement, Storage, and Creation of Money. 
4)If they're industry vets, they figure this next fact out quickly. If they're novices, less quickly. For everything bigger than a Hawala, you've gotta move and, thus, store money electronically. 
5)And that is the express purview of banks (or MSBs...which I don't understand but know it to be honerous and expensive).
6)Bank Sponsorship, then, as I define it, is the renting of 1 or more of those express powers, by a business from a bank. 
7)And this is anything but a well-trodden activity, as in the rental of a car, a tool, a hotel room. Every other rental type has more examples on any time scale you pick, and from those examples, a shared understanding of price and terms begins to extend. The more common a rental activity is, the more its price and terms are understood, by an ever larger cohort of users and potential users. 
8)Thus, the rental of express reserved bank powers is a high complexity and low clarity. There is no well known ZOPA (zone of possible agreement) and in cases where that's the case, trade is diminished. If one side, the entrepreneur most often, perceives high knowledge of ZOPA, his most likely move is to just not negotiate. 
9)So, the first problem to solve is to name the services that the bank can and will rent out.
10)The second problem to solve is to calculate for each of those services a unit of measurement and the cost of that unit. 
11)The third problem to solve is to calculate the minimum and maximum unit prices that are to be exposed to renters. Minimax markup.
12)Fourth: List out for each service the requirements for a rental, e.g. compliance officer, bsa program, security, capitalization, incorporation etc
13)Fifth: List out for each service the procedure for integration.
14)Sixth: Calculate bank cost to achieve integration.
15)Seventh: Decision: Bank can recoup the integration cost in 3 main ways: Lump to start, fixed monthly, per unit variable. **the cleanest (for analysis of pricing experimentation and accounting analysis) is lump to start, b/c the bank's revenue (profit really) primarily lives in the last 2 variables, so it's good to keep them abstracted for accounting purposes.
**you win more deals and have happier customers when your pricing and terms are clearly defined, made explicit, and explained. It engenders trust and trust gets to yes faster, tends to produce better business results, and results in lower churn and/or renogotiations. 
16)Eigth: Integrations are life for Fintechs - they're one of the biggest risks they'll take. They're integrating with poorly written, brittle legacy software with either no or bad documentation and that's hella risky and resource intensive. Just hooking up and making test transfers (which should be easy) is expensive, and then begins the testing phase, and that's always a treat, because these dino cores don't act in anything like predictable ways...test is LONG and ongoing. So, the eigth point is that Integration and Test leading up to Prod needs to be made really explicit, who's doing what, how long will that take, who's the reporter and who's the reportee. There should be a calendar date with a star on it and everyone works toward ensuring that this fintech is [moving, storing, or creating] money stored in electronic storage tanks or being sent across electronic transfer lines on or before that date. 
17)the reason for that is financial: entrepreneurs, and particularly the ones that can do fintech (the hardest of them all...because of how well guarded the 3 specific powers are...and the dinosaurs that guard them) are rare. They congregate. They are only happy around others like them. They are warriors and they are very clear eyed and they loathe being around those that aren't. And when they congregate, they tell stories...and they're all really good story tellers...and if one of them has the experience described in 16, they will talk about it...to other good entrepreneurs! That is precisely why every fintech entrepreneur wants to work with FCB - they own their core, they employee many decent developers, and they understand the risks to their customer during the integration, testing, and iteration phases.
18)Requirements for rental: a designated compliance officer with certs (rent it if you don't have one...rent it from us), a BSA/KYC/OFAC etc program with roles/responsibilities and real people tied to those, a current Pen test, a professional code review with vulnerabilties assessment, PCI-DSS, SOC(x) as required. Capitalization to: 1 year of runrate, integration costs, 6 months of estimated fixed/variable fees, cost of all necessary or planned r&d. **make sure to ask this as: describe the features you will be testing or developing in the next year...then get into what that will cost, who's doing the work...if it's outsourced, it better be in the US, it should be a shop, not a consultant, and I'd like to hear that they've worked on something similar before, especially if anything that touches (or could confuse) the core is involved. 
19)I think RTP is probably everything. I think you could build a dope mobile interface for businesses to establish regularly recurring payments as well as to initiate any one-offs, and have those send and land at 11:59s, which massively improves cashflow